
21:54 14 january 21
ANNEXURE A: Duties and Tasks of Employee in the Capacity of Junior Software Developer
1. RESPONSIBILITIES
1.1. Your responsibilities will include inter alia:
1.1.1. Produce clean, efficient code based on specifications
1.1.2. Integrate software components and third-party programs
1.1.3. Verify, test and deploy programs and systems
1.1.4. Unit testing
1.1.5. Version Control
1.1.6. Troubleshoot, debug and enhance existing software
1.1.7. Recommend and execute improvements
1.1.8. Client communication
1.1.9. Continuous professional development
1.1.10. Learning new technologies when required
13
Initial ________21. Policies and procedures
21.1. From time to time, the Company may issue various rules, regulations, and policies. A copy of
these rules, regulations, and policies will be made available to all employees of the Company,
and can be obtained from the Human Resources Department of the Company.
21.2. These rules, regulations, and policies may change from time to time.
21.3. It is the Employee’s obligation in terms of this Agreement to ensure that the Employee is familiar
with and complies with the rules, regulations, and policies.
22. Domicilium
The parties hereto choose as their domicilium et executandi for all purposes of and in connection with
this Agreement the addresses as per the first page of this Agreement. It will be the responsibility of the
Employee to inform the Human Resources Department, should this information change at any time
during their Employment with the Company.
23. Representation
Any representation made or information supplied or furnished by the Employee to the Company, in the
course of communication between the prospective Employee and the Company, prior to the conclusion
of this Agreement, is warranted by the Employee to be true and correct. In the event of any such
representation or information being materially false and incorrect, it shall be sufficient grounds to
terminate this Agreement.
24. General
24.1. Any latitude, extension of time, or other indulgence which may be granted to the Employee by
the Company, or any failure by the Company to enforce any of its rights under this Agreement at
any time, shall not, under the circumstances, be deemed a waiver of any of the Company’s
right’s thereafter to enforce and compel strict compliance with the terms and conditions of this
Agreement.
10
Initial